trainer: Add documentation for the MultiKueue and spec.managedBy API (#3956)
kubeflow/website: content/en/docs/components/training/user-guides/managedby.md

+++
title = "spec.managedBy"

> Desciption = "Using managedBy feild for MultiKueue"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Desciption = "Using managedBy field for MultiKueue"
```

weight = 60
+++

## Overview

> The `spec.managedBy` field is a new feature introduced in the Kubeflow Training Operator to support a more robust multi-cluster job dispatching by [MultiKueue](https://kueue.sigs.k8s.io/docs/concepts/multikueue/).

Reviewer 2: small adjustment `spec.runPolicy.managedBy`

Reviewer: +1, in Kubeflow 1.9 this is under `spec.runPolicy`: https://github.com/kubeflow/trainer/blob/078ec30ff26649a07d2e28893c332d4cef70e233/pkg/apis/kubeflow.org/v1/common_types.go#L231C5-L239. Also adjust the code snippets to use 
```yaml
spec:
  runPolicy:
     managedBy: "kueue.x-k8s.io/multikueue"
```

> The `spec.managedBy` field is a new feature introduced for MultiQueue support in the Kubeflow Training Operator. This field allows for more robust management of multi-cluster job dispatching by specifying the managing entity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `spec.managedBy` field is a new feature introduced in the Kubeflow Training Operator to support a more robust management of multi-cluster job dispatching by [MultiKueue](https://kueue.sigs.k8s.io/docs/concepts/multikueue/).
```

## Prerequisites

1. Ensure that you have the latest version of the Kubeflow Training Operator installed.
2. Make sure Kueue is compiled against the new operator to leverage the `spec.managedBy` field.

## Usage

To use the `spec.managedBy` field in your training jobs, include it in the job specification as shown below:

```yaml
apiVersion: "kubeflow.org/v1"
kind: "TFJob"
metadata:
 name: "example-tfjob"
spec:

>  managedBy: "kueue"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 managedBy: "kueue.x-k8s.io/multikueue"
```

 tfReplicaSpecs:
   ...
```

> Example

Reviewer: Actually, underneath Kueue will add a webhook which will default the field, so the example will not need to include it. I think we can just rely on the example eventually added to the MultiKueue documentation once https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kueue/issues/2552 is done.

Reviewer: WDYT @tenzen-y  @andreyvelich ?

Reviewer 3: Yes, I think we can reference to the example in Kueue docs, so we can be consistent.

Reviewer: ok, I suggest to drop it in this PR so that we only have one place about the details. Note that the Kueue documentation is not added yet. Once done we will x-ref the pages.

Here is a complete example of a TensorFlow job using the spec.managedBy field:

```YAML
apiVersion: "kubeflow.org/v1"
kind: "TFJob"
metadata:
 name: "example-tfjob"
spec:
 managedBy: "kueue"
 tfReplicaSpecs:
   Chief:
     replicas: 1
     template:
       spec:
         containers:
           - name: tensorflow
             image: tensorflow/tensorflow:latest
             args: ["python", "model.py"]
   Worker:
     replicas: 2
     template:
       spec:
         containers:
           - name: tensorflow
             image: tensorflow/tensorflow:latest
             args: ["python", "model.py"]
```

## Cross-References

> For more details on setting up and using MultiQueue with the Kubeflow Training Operator, refer to the following documentation pages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details on setting up and using MultiKueue with the Kubeflow Training Operator, refer to the following documentation pages:
```
